doc/TODO.md, before:

## Num.NET

### TODO

| Event | Description | Priority | Status |
| ----- | --------------| --- | ----- |
| Complete the smallest framework of c++ part | Construct a smallest framework of c++ part which could run naive implemention of Matmul successfully. In this stage, extensibility should be taken into consideration, but details could be ignored. | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Complete naive implemention of Matmul | The results of naive implemention of matmul are wrong. Besides, more test cases need to be added, including more shapes, more dtypes and more data. | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add Benchmark test for Matmul | Add some bechmark tests for Matmul to evaluate its effeciency | p1 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Add deduce to decide the output shape of ops | Checking if the shapes are matched in the body of op is not a good choice. A calculator for it is needed | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add broadcast | Add broadcast with stride and wrap it | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add script to auto build and test | Write a script on linux to build and run all tests automatically | p2 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Add ```reshape``` | Add ```reshape``` for ```NDArray``` | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add naive op ```dot``` | Add naive implementation for op ```dot``` | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add naive op ```transpose``` | Add naive implementation for op ```transpose``` | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add naive op ```permute``` | Add naive implementation for op ```permute``` | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add naive op ```add``` | Add naive implementation for op ```add``` | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add naive op ```sub``` | Add naive implementation for op ```sub``` | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add naive op ```mul``` | Add naive implementation for op ```mul``` | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add naive op ```div``` | Add naive implementation for op ```div``` | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add ```type_deduce``` | Add deduce method for type of layout to decide the ```dtype``` of the output Array. | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add ```Status``` | Add a status struct to tell the caller if the call success and return error message if failed. | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Define actions on Debug and Release mode | define different actions for one expr on different mode. For instance, ```nn_assert``` should not take action on release mode | p0 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Add ```Checker``` for test | Add a checker class to judge if the pred and result are matched. | p0 | On going 🚀 |
| Add Process for overflow | Add process to deal with overflow, show user NAN instead of completely wrong data. | p0 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Add ```slice``` | Add support of ```slice``` | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add CSharp interop | Test CSharp interop, with a few basic apis | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add Serialization for .npy file | Provide interface to serialize and deserialize with .npy files | p0 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Support reading of excel | Provide interface to read and write with .csv and excel file | p1 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Support type convert | Support type convert of ```Tensor``` | p0 | On going 🚀 |
| Type deduce for double-input ops | Add type deduce of double-input ops in c++ part | p2 | Complete ✅ |
| Add self-manipulated type ops | Except for single input and double input ops, there are some ops directly manipulating itself's data, such as IDentity, Ones and so on. | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Type deduce in C# part | Add type deduce of C# part | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Design exceptions in C# part | Design exceptions in C# part | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add unit tests for C# part | Add unit tests for C# part | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add squeeze method | Add squeeze method in C#. | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add unsqueeze method | Add unsqueeze method in C#. | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add concat method | Add squeeze method and op. | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Use attributes to support multithread of ops is a good idea. | idea | p0 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Use attributes to control the provider. | idea | p0 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Use c++20 format in macros   | idea | p1 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Add flip op |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add ratate op |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add argwhere op |  | p1 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Add argmax op |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add argmin op |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add matrix inverse op |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add mesh indexing op |  | p2 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Add onehot op |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add padding op |  | p0 | Partly complete🚀 |
| Add repeat op |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add sort op |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add topk op |  | p2 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Add arrange op |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add zeros_like, ones_like, fill_like methods |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add flatten method |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add max, min, mean op |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |


✅   ❌   🚀   🔵

Commit message:

feat(csharp/Tensor.NET): add foreach methods for tensor.

doc/TODO.md, after:

## Num.NET

### TODO

| Event | Description | Priority | Status |
| ----- | --------------| --- | ----- |
| Complete the smallest framework of c++ part | Construct a smallest framework of c++ part which could run naive implemention of Matmul successfully. In this stage, extensibility should be taken into consideration, but details could be ignored. | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Complete naive implemention of Matmul | The results of naive implemention of matmul are wrong. Besides, more test cases need to be added, including more shapes, more dtypes and more data. | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add Benchmark test for Matmul | Add some bechmark tests for Matmul to evaluate its effeciency | p1 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Add deduce to decide the output shape of ops | Checking if the shapes are matched in the body of op is not a good choice. A calculator for it is needed | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add broadcast | Add broadcast with stride and wrap it | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add script to auto build and test | Write a script on linux to build and run all tests automatically | p2 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Add ```reshape``` | Add ```reshape``` for ```NDArray``` | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add naive op ```dot``` | Add naive implementation for op ```dot``` | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add naive op ```transpose``` | Add naive implementation for op ```transpose``` | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add naive op ```permute``` | Add naive implementation for op ```permute``` | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add naive op ```add``` | Add naive implementation for op ```add``` | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add naive op ```sub``` | Add naive implementation for op ```sub``` | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add naive op ```mul``` | Add naive implementation for op ```mul``` | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add naive op ```div``` | Add naive implementation for op ```div``` | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add ```type_deduce``` | Add deduce method for type of layout to decide the ```dtype``` of the output Array. | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add ```Status``` | Add a status struct to tell the caller if the call success and return error message if failed. | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Define actions on Debug and Release mode | define different actions for one expr on different mode. For instance, ```nn_assert``` should not take action on release mode | p0 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Add ```Checker``` for test | Add a checker class to judge if the pred and result are matched. | p0 | On going 🚀 |
| Add Process for overflow | Add process to deal with overflow, show user NAN instead of completely wrong data. | p0 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Add ```slice``` | Add support of ```slice``` | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add CSharp interop | Test CSharp interop, with a few basic apis | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add Serialization for .npy file | Provide interface to serialize and deserialize with .npy files | p0 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Support reading of excel | Provide interface to read and write with .csv and excel file | p1 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Support type convert | Support type convert of ```Tensor``` | p0 | On going 🚀 |
| Type deduce for double-input ops | Add type deduce of double-input ops in c++ part | p2 | Complete ✅ |
| Add self-manipulated type ops | Except for single input and double input ops, there are some ops directly manipulating itself's data, such as IDentity, Ones and so on. | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Type deduce in C# part | Add type deduce of C# part | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Design exceptions in C# part | Design exceptions in C# part | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add unit tests for C# part | Add unit tests for C# part | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add squeeze method | Add squeeze method in C#. | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add unsqueeze method | Add unsqueeze method in C#. | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add concat method | Add squeeze method and op. | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Use attributes to support multithread of ops is a good idea. | idea | p0 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Use attributes to control the provider. | idea | p0 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Use c++20 format in macros   | idea | p1 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Add flip op |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add ratate op |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add argwhere op |  | p1 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Add argmax op |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add argmin op |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add matrix inverse op |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add mesh indexing op |  | p2 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Add onehot op |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add padding op |  | p0 | Partly complete🚀 |
| Add repeat op |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add sort op |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add topk op |  | p2 | Waiting 🔵 |
| Add arrange op |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add zeros_like, ones_like, fill_like methods |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add flatten method |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add max, min, mean op |  | p0 | Complete ✅ |
| Add mod, and, or, xor operators in csharp |  | p0 | Waiting 🔵 |


✅   ❌   🚀   🔵
